Feature/readme (#181)
huggingface/swift-transformers: README.md

}
```

> - `Hub`: Utilities for interacting with the Huggingface Hub! Download models, tokenizers and other config files. Usage example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Hub`: Utilities for interacting with the Hugging Face Hub! Download models, tokenizers and other config files. Usage example:
```

]
```

## Example Repos

- [WhisperKit](https://github.com/argmaxinc/WhisperKit): A Swift Package for state-of-the-art speech-to-text systems from [Argmax](https://github.com/argmaxinc)
- [MLX Swift Examples](https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-swift-examples): A Swift Package for integrating MLX models in Swift apps.

## Supported Models

This package has been tested with autoregressive language models such as:

- GPT, GPT-Neox, GPT-J.
- SantaCoder.
- StarCoder.
- Falcon.
- Llama 2.

> Encoder-decoder models such as T5 and Flan are currently _not supported_. They are high up in our [priority list](#roadmap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encoder-decoder models such as T5 and Flan are currently _not supported_.
```

## Other Tools

- [`swift-chat`](https://github.com/huggingface/swift-chat), a simple app demonstrating how to use this package.
- [`exporters`](https://github.com/huggingface/exporters), a Core ML conversion package for transformers models, based on Apple's [`coremltools`](https://github.com/apple/coremltools).
- [`transformers-to-coreml`](https://huggingface.co/spaces/coreml-projects/transformers-to-coreml), a no-code Core ML conversion tool built on `exporters`.

## Contributing 

Swift Transformers is a community project and we welcome contributions. Please
check out [Issues](https://github.com/huggingface/swift-transformers/issues)

> tagged with `good first issue` if you are looking for a place to start!

Reviewer: Cool! Do we have any? Happy to create a few later!

Author: There is a couple!
